feat: FilterExpression support on query. (#1792)
blackflux/aws-sdk-wrap: README.md

- `limit` (Array): Maximum number of items to retrieve. If set to `null`, will exhaustively paginate.
- `consistent` (Boolean): Enables [ConsistentRead](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/API_Query.html#DDB-Query-request-ConsistentRead).
- `conditions` (Object): Conditions that must be met for operation to succeed.

> - `filters` (Object): Conditions that are applied after the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filters` (Object): Conditions to filter the query results after execution (still executed on AWS).
```
